Update version numbering guidelines in handbook (#7869)
NethServer/dev: handbook/version_numbering.md

container image tag specification, as stated in [OCI
distribution-spec](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/main/spec.md#pulling-manifests).

Since the component version number is for end-users, the choice between
a major, minor, and patch number increment does not strictly follow the
semver rules.

- Increment major for non-backward compatible releases. Also acceptable

>   for notable product changes. If the release introduces a behavioral

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increment major for non-backward compatible releases. If the release introduces a behavioral
```

  breaking change, or it requires a manual upgrade procedure, it is likely
  to be a major increment.
- Increment minor for changes like new product features, especially those
  visible to the end-user. If the feature also requires a documentation
  change or a release note, it is likely to be a minor increment.

> - Increment patch in other cases, like bug fixes and internal features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increment patch in other cases, like bug fixes.
```
